===== PROJECT: 10pm-a-light-that-responds-to-your-presence =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
We have worked extremely hard to make this product ready for Kickstarter and full-scale manufacturing. We’re confident in our ability to produce our product at quality in mass and fulfill all our perks on time. However, things don’t always go as planned. Here are a few of risks that may come up, and our plan to address them:

MANUFACTURING: We have a trusted manufacturer lined up and will have quality assurance people on site during production. Despite this, manufacturing delays can still happen. Whether it’s an unexpected backlog, bad timing with holidays, or a quality assurance issue on the ground floor, we’ll let you know immediately. Our #1 priority is product quality followed by timely delivery. 

FULFILLMENT: Sometimes, stuff happens that can’t be planned for: a supplier misses a deadline, a package gets held up at customs, a shipment gets lost, or a global pandemic shuts down shipping ports around the world. Those things can cause delays. We are using an experienced logistics team to get our products to you. We’ll keep open and honest communication with you through our process so you know where your product is and when it’s going to get to you.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Biomimetic Design Inspired by the Pseudo-Pupil Effect

Biomimetic Design Inspired by the Pseudo-Pupil Effect

DESIGN RECOGNITION

01. Light that moves with you

02. Precision-machined aluminum

03. Custom-tuned glow

04. Hidden interaction

05. A quiet presence in the home

06. Thoughtful details

10PM is an ambient light designed to create aquiet sense of presence.As you move, the glow subtlyshifts with you through a pseudo-pupil effectinspired by nature.

DESIGN RECOGNITION

Activate 10PM with a simpledouble knock.The hidden control keeps the formquiet and uninterrupted, creating a more intentional andritual-like interaction.

The glow subtly shifts within tones ofcoral, sunset orange, and warm pinkwithgentlevariations in rhythm, creating a calm presence with the softness of candlelight and twilight.

Inspired by thepseudo-pupil effect found in natural optics, 10PM subtlymirrors your movementas you pass by.

Inspired by the Pseudo-Pupil Effect

Thepseudo-pupilis an optical effect found in the compound eyes of creatures such as mantises and dragonflies.Each facet reflects and absorbs light differently depending on the viewing angle, causing adark spotto appear and shift with the observer.10PM draws inspiration from this phenomenon to create asubtle sense of presencethrough light and movement.

01. Light that moves with you

The lightglides through the surfaceof the cube andmirrors your movement.

02. Precision-machined aluminum

Machined fromsolid aluminumusing advanced 5-axis CNC machining, each cube featuresmore than two thousand precisely angled apertures. Together, they form the optical structure that gives 10PM its shifting appearance.

03. Custom-tuned glow

Rather than relying on standard RGB color mixing, 10PM usescustom-tuned LEDsdeveloped to produce acarefully selected rangeof warm tones, shaped by the character and atmosphere we envisioned for the light.

04. Hidden interaction

Rather than pressing a button, 10PM responds to asimple double knock. The control remainshidden within the form, allowing the interaction to become part of the experience itself. Familiar in everyday life yet uncommon in consumer electronics, the gesture feelsnatural, deliberate, and memorable.

05. A quiet presence in the home

Designed to fit naturally into awide range of interiors, 10PM remains understated in the background while adding asubtle sense of warmth and presenceto the space. Itssimple formallows the light itself to become the focus.

06. Thoughtful details

From thebraided USB-C cableto theanodized aluminum finish, every detail was designed to complement the character of the light and the object as a whole.

Shipping and applicable taxes will be collected after the campaign through the post-campaign survey. Don't see your country listed? Contact us.

I founded Once to create products that turn technology into emotion. We’re just at the beginning. 10PM is the first step on that path. My work focuses on designs that feel deeply personal yet universally resonant, creating not just a product, but an experience that feels both inevitable and unexpected.

This project is promoted by Jellop, the ad tech power behind the best Kickstarters with 3,500+ successful Kickstarter projects with over $1B raised between them.

Risks and challenges

We have worked extremely hard to make this product ready for Kickstarter and full-scale manufacturing. We’re confident in our ability to produce our product at quality in mass and fulfill all our perks on time. However, things don’t always go as planned. Here are a few of risks that may come up, and our plan to address them:

MANUFACTURING: We have a trusted manufacturer lined up and will have quality assurance people on site

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
10PM Early Bird Special Edition $249 $50 off the retail price of $299

Shipping and Taxes will be charged after the campaign ends via the post-campaign survey. Backers 12 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 38 left of 50 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 249
---
10PM Kickstarter Special Edition $269 $30 off the retail price of $299

Shipping and Taxes will be charged after the campaign ends via the post-campaign survey. Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 269
---
10PM Duo Pack $479 $119 off the retail price of $598

Shipping and Taxes will be charged after the campaign ends via the post-campaign survey. Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 479
===== END =====

