===== PROJECT: backpack-for-adventure-motorcycling-the-powerpack =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
This is an ambitious project that must meet the highest standard for reliability while exploring out there, the initial budget reflects it, besides I have only a prototype that doesn't do justice to the real value of the PowerPack. The PowerPack should be ready for the summer 2027 and could have minor modifications in order to improve reliability and strength, in case this happens you will be notified promptly. Of course unexpected obstacles can lead to a delay but I think I reached already an advanced stage.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
The PowerPack is neither a backpack nor a vest is both, discover why! I am a cotton prototype but not a toy!

The PowerPack is neither a backpack nor a vest is both, discover why! I am a cotton prototype but not a toy!

The inspiration behind the PowerPack!

Check out the video to explore all the details, key features, and everything you can pack inside the PowerPack!

From the sea to the mountains

Parts and features of the PowerPack

Environmental commitments

The inspiration behind the PowerPack!

After countless solo motorcycle adventures worldwide, I’ve learned that traveling light isn't just a preference, it’s a necessity. When conditions get tough, you only want the essentials. Even on simple day trips, carrying heavy tools and devices in a standard backpack quickly becomes a burden.

Most gear on the market falls short. Traditional backpacks lack the specialization needed for adventure motorcycling and become uncomfortable under weight. Utility vests offer many pockets but strain your shoulders, a major downside during long rides and intense off-roading.

Security is another major factor. In unpredictable regions or during hectic border crossings, keeping essentials like documents, money and communication devices on your person is vital. If your bike is stolen, you need to ensure your journey can continue, navigating certain foreign bureaucracy without paperworks is a nightmare. The PowerPack solves all these challenges through smart, adaptable design.

Check out the video to explore all the details, key features, and everything you can pack inside the PowerPack!

I am a cotton prototype but not a toy!

From the sea to the mountains

Built for the extremes. There is no environment that the PowerPack cannot handle with easy

Parts and features of the PowerPack

Discover why the PowerPack is the ultimate gear for adventure motorcyclists!

Main compartment with ainner pocket on the right for a powerbankand an inner central pocket for the water bag or else (Water bag and Powerbank not included)

Tool Pocket (With Toolbox included)

Toolbox (Tools are not included)

Detachable documents pocket(Coming with Ground-to-Air Visual Symbols, Ground-to-Air Light Signals, Rescue Helicopter Hand Signals)

One left pouch (size L)MOLLE systemin the back

One right pouch (size L)MOLLE systemin the back

Detachable mesh in the front

One button Kompas attached by Velcro to the left shoulder strap

The PowerPack will come with aRecco reflector (Doesn't need any battery),in case you are missing in many parts of the world the rescue teams use this technology

All thezippers will be waterproof and with double cursor (At the top I was considering to replace the zipper with a more reliable roll-top system)

A four sectors daisy chain with a water hose keeper and elastic keeper

Long3D pocketfor manual pump (Pump not included)

Long 3D pocket for repair wheels side stand (Emergency side stand not included)

Recco reflector

Detachable mesh

Four rowsPALS webbingat the top for personalization

Detachable tool pocket with inside tool box (Tools not included)

Three rows PALS webbing at the bottom (The tool box attachment will be changed from Velcro to PALS webbing)

Two streps with buckles in order to secure the tool pocket

Phosphorescent reflectors

The back panel comes with aninternal shaped frame

Two ergonomic padded shoulder straps with a three rows PALS webbing on both sides for the pouches

Right and left pouches size L

Shoulder strap modelling buckles

Sternum buckle with integrated whistle

Phosphorescent reflectorson both shoulder straps

Hip belt cushionwith one pockets in each side together with two elastic retainers and compression strap

Hip belt with quick realise buckle

Trolley sleeve (To be added)

Dual adjustable buckles for easy compression

A pocket for the rain cover

Tyre Levers 3D pocket

Side access zipper at the bottom in order to get tube etc.

Risks and challenges

This is an ambitious project that must meet the highest standard for reliability while exploring out there, the initial budget reflects it, besides I have only a prototype that doesn't do justice to the real value of the PowerPack. The PowerPack should be ready for the summer 2027 and could have minor modifications in order to improve reliability and strength, in case this happens you will be notified promptly. Of course un

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Featured PowerPack the ultimate backpack €239 About $274 40% off MSRP. Don't miss this limited offer! When reached 100 claims the offer will end. Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jul 2027 Limited quantity 98 left of 100 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge €239
---
PowerPack the ultimate backpack €261 About $299 22% off MSRP. Don't miss this limited offer! When reached 200 claims the offer will end. Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jul 2027 Limited quantity 200 left of 200 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge €261
---
PowerPack the ultimate backpack €278 About $318 17% off MSRP. Don't miss the last chance for a discount! Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jul 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge €278
===== END =====

