===== PROJECT: byakudan-beer-tumbler-hand-polished-metallic-beer-chalice =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
1. Regarding Shipping to the US: Unfortunately, due to the President of the United States' Executive Order, which has stopped the De Minimis Policy of allowing shipping items under $800 to enter without needing to pay for import taxes, shipping via Japan Post is temporarily stopped. This means that when we ship, we must ship with import costs paid. With that in mind, the shipping price that is indicated in the shipping chart is inclusive of these import costs. We understand that the cost of shipping is expensive, however, at present due to the current rules, this is the only way we can ship. We ask for your understanding in this matter.
2. In regards to shipping and production schedules, in the event of natural disasters or other unforeseen circumstances, shipping may be affected. In this case, we will inform backers via the update system. If we receive more backers than expected, this may have an impact on the production of the items, and the shipping date may need to be pushed back. 
3. The pictures on this project page, which show the product, may look different from the product that you receive. This may be due to the monitor that you are viewing the project on or the environment that you are in when looking at the project. Please be aware of this when you back the project.
4. The design and materials used are subject to change based on availability. If there is a change, we ensure to let backers know via an update. 
5. Regarding import fees, these are handled on the side of the backer. Please be aware of this before backing. 
6. As stated previously, Shipping costs are not included in the project and will be collected after the project ends via a pledge manager. The shipping costs stated are an estimate and will be finalised when the project ends. This is due to Kickstarter taking a higher percentage than the pledge manager, and we wish to keep costs as low as possible. 
7. When the project has finished, we will be looking to procure the materials needed as quickly as possible. As well as this, Kickstarter does not refund any commission if a refund is made. This means we can’t refund once the money has been transferred to our account. This gives backers roughly 10 days from when the project has ended to request a refund. After this, we can’t accept refunds. In the rare case that we do refund after this time, we will be doing so after calculating the Kickstarter commission and refunding the price of the return minus Kickstarter’s commission.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
A Hand-Polished Japanese Urushi Lacquer Double-Wall Tumbler with a Stunning Metallic Glow for Beer, Coffee and More.

A Hand-Polished Japanese Urushi Lacquer Double-Wall Tumbler with a Stunning Metallic Glow for Beer, Coffee and More.

① A Brilliant Polishing Technique that Creates Magical Foam

② Byakudan Lacquer: A Deep, Radiant Luster

Smart Hybrid Structure: Double-Wall & Single-Rim

④ Double-Wall Comfort for Every Drink

Product Specifications

From the moment you pour your beer, asilky smooth foamrises. Thewarmth of the urushi lacquerfeels as though it gently clings to your hand. What’s more,the more you use it, the deeper the finish becomes, creating a unique texture.

The Byakudan Tumbler is not a simple tumbler. It is the culmination oftwo traditional Japanese crafting techniques, thepolishing prowess of Tsubame Sanjo, and thebyakudan urushi lacquer expertise of Yamanaka. Through the fusion of these traditions, we created theultimate tumbler designed to enhance the flavor and enjoymentof your drink.

And so, for Kickstarter, bringing togetherthermal retention, the feel of the rim on your mouth, and design, we have created theultimate tumbler.

This tumbler embodies some of Japan’s finest craftsmanship.

① A Brilliant Polishing Technique that Creates Magical Foam

A Mirror Polish (Upper Section & Rim):The surface, which has been polished to a smooth mirror finish, from the moment you bring it to your lips,the comfort is so great you will forget you are drinking from it!

A Spiral Polish (Lower Section):The precisely engraved spiral polishing patterngenerates ultra-fine bubbleswhen pouring beverages such as beer,helping create and maintain a delicate, creamy foam.

Thanks to the high-level polishing technology in Tsubame-Sanjo, the rim of the cup where you drink has beenshaved to an extreme thinness.

From the moment it touches your lips,there is no stress or uncomfortable feeling, and the crispness of the beer passes straight into the mouth.This thinness as well as the smoothness of the lacquer,makes the flavour even more mellow and refined.

From the first drop to the last, you can enjoy a mellow and delicious drinking experience!

② Byakudan Lacquer: A Deep, Radiant Luster

We have applied the traditional Yamanaka lacquerware technique known asByakudan-nuri in its most luxurious form. Over gold leaf that appears like it is flowing, transparent natu

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Featured Byakudan Tumbler Set ¥34,000 About $211 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black!
This reward is 50% off the future RRP!
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 44 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 Limited quantity 6 left of 50 2 items included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black, Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red Details Pledge ¥34,000
---
Early Bird Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black ¥22,100 About $137 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black!
This early bird is 35% off the future RRP
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 Limited quantity 30 left of 30 1 item included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black Details Pledge ¥22,100
---
Early Bird Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red ¥22,100 About $137 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red!
This early bird is 35% off the future RRP!
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 Limited quantity 29 left of 30 1 item included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red Details Pledge ¥22,100
---
Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black ¥27,200 About $169 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black!
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black Details Pledge ¥27,200
---
Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red ¥27,200 About $169 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red!
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red Details Pledge ¥27,200
---
Launch Sp Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black ¥18,700 About $116 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black!
This launch special is 45% off the future RRP and is only available for 72 hours.
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 19 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Feb 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Byakudan Tumbler Jet Black Details Pledge ¥18,700
---
Launch Sp Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red ¥18,700 About $116 Get yourself our special Byakudan Tumbler Crimson Red!
This launch special is 45% off the future RRP and is only available for 72 hour
===== END =====

