===== PROJECT: hand-orbit-fidget-away-your-stress-and-discover-new-freedom =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
1. Regarding Shipping to the US: Unfortunately, due to the President of the United States' Executive Order, which has stopped the De Minimis Policy of allowing shipping items under $800 to enter without needing to pay for import taxes, shipping via Japan Post is temporarily stopped. This means that when we ship, we must ship with import costs paid. With that in mind, the shipping price that is indicated in the shipping chart is inclusive of these import costs. We understand that the cost of shipping is expensive, however, at present due to the current rules, this is the only way we can ship. We ask for your understanding in this matter.
2. In regards to shipping and production schedules, in the event of natural disasters or other unforeseen circumstances, shipping may be affected. In this case, we will inform backers via the update system. If we receive more backers than expected, this may have an impact on the production of the items, and the shipping date may need to be pushed back. 
3. The pictures on this project page, which show the product, may look different from the product that you receive. This may be due to the monitor that you are viewing the project on or the environment that you are in when looking at the project. Please be aware of this when you back the project.
4. The design and materials used are subject to change based on availability. If there is a change, we ensure to let backers know via an update. 
5. Regarding import fees, these are handled on the side of the backer. Please be aware of this before backing. 
6. As stated previously, Shipping costs are not included in the project and will be collected after the project ends via a pledge manager. The shipping costs stated are an estimate and will be finalised when the project ends. This is due to Kickstarter taking a higher percentage than the pledge manager, and we wish to keep costs as low as possible. 
7. When the project has finished, we will be looking to procure the materials needed as quickly as possible. As well as this, Kickstarter does not refund any commission if a refund is made. This means we can’t refund once the money has been transferred to our account. This gives backers roughly 10 days from when the project has ended to request a refund. After this, we can’t accept refunds. In the rare case that we do refund after this time, we will be doing so after calculating the Kickstarter commission and refunding the price of the return minus Kickstarter’s commission.
Health and Wellness Product Disclaimer: This project and its rewards are not a replacement for medication, medical treatment, or a doctor's examination. Kickstarter does not endorse or verify the veracity of any claims made on project pages, and is not responsible for any opinion, advice, information, or statements made by third parties, including creators. Projects on Kickstarter do not claim to diagnose, treat, or cure any medical condition. The Creator is solely responsible for complying with industry standards and applicable laws, including product safety standards.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Unconscious Hand Care. Simply touching it helps your hands unwind. Feels like play, works like care. A new hand care habit.

Unconscious Hand Care. Simply touching it helps your hands unwind. Feels like play, works like care. A new hand care habit.

Unconsciously care for your hands!

Why is it so difficult to maintain hand care?

Massaging the Palm: An Essential Point in Accupunture

HOW HAND ORBIT WORKS

Why Does Simply Rolling It Help Relax the Hands?

Inspired by Fidget Toys You Just Can’t Stop Touching, and the Traditional Play of Walnut Rolling

Use Whenever, Wherever You Are!

Developed together with a Japanese Bodywork Practitioner

The Story Behind the Development: We wanted to give meaning to meaningless movement

Unconsciously care for your hands!

Just by rolling, your tension melts awayCare that feels like play, a new hand care habit!

Why is it so difficult to maintain hand care?

Our hands are always moving.From the moment we wake up, many of us are on our phones, working and typing with our keyboards, just doing household chores, and even holding our loved ones' hands.

The hands are one of the most overworked parts of the body throughout the day.And yet, unlike the shoulders or lower back, there is hardly any habit of actively caring for them.

Taking care of pain before it begins, something we consider natural for other parts of the body, rarely applies to the hands.

Why is that?The answer is simple: because it feels like a hassle.

Hand massagers certainly feel good. They can also be effective.However:・We need to take them out・Plug them in・Wait as we use them

That sequence alone already becomes a barrier.In other words, care that interrupts the flow of daily life rarely lasts.

So, we turned it into a habit, something instinctive.

Like a fidget toy, it becomes something 

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Early Bird Hand Orbit ¥10,540 About $66 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
This early bird is 15% off the future RRP
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 75 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 Limited quantity 5 left of 80 1 item included + optional add-ons Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥10,540
---
Hand Orbit ¥11,780 About $73 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥11,780
---
Early Bird Hand Orbit x2 ¥19,584 About $122 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
This early bird is 20% off the future RRP
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 29 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 Limited quantity 6 left of 35 1 item included + optional add-ons 2× Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥19,584
---
Hand Orbit x2 ¥22,032 About $137 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons 2× Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥22,032
---
Launch Special Hand Orbit ¥9,300 About $58 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
This launch special is 25% off the future RRP and is only available for 72 hours. 
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 106 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥9,300
---
Launch Special Hand Orbit x2 ¥17,136 About $107 Get yourself our Hand Orbit and unconsciously relax and relieve your hands. 
This launch special is 30% off the future RRP and is only available for 72 hours. 
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 24 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Jan 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons 2× Hand Orbit Details Pledge ¥17,136
===== END =====

