===== PROJECT: heitis-watch-co-hydra-automatic-dive-watch =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
Already having a few successful Kickstarter campaigns here at Heitis Watch we are confident to say our newest watch will hopefully result in a smooth production process just like our past campaigns. With that being said creating and delivering a new product may come with unexpected delays or setbacks. We have strong relationships and a history of working hard with a reliable supply chain. This gives us the confidence to be able to say that we have minimized these risks for ourselves and ultimately you the customers.

You have our word that we will provide complete transparency and inform backers every step of the way.

We will update you as much as humanly possible about the progress, and if there are any delays, we will let you know ASAP!

After all is said and done, we will deliver a quality timepieces to each and every one of our backers.

Thank-you so much!

Cheers!
The Heitis Watch Team

Duty/VAT Charges: If you live outside of the US, you will be responsible for any applicable duty/VAT charges.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
The Heitis Hydra is the ultimate dive watch with unsurpassed quality and value throughout the piece.

The Heitis Hydra is the ultimate dive watch with unsurpassed quality and value throughout the piece.

Over Two Years in the Making

Born from the Water — Inspired by Myth and Adventure

316L STAINLESS STEEL WATCH CASE

SWISS SUPERLUMINA C3 Green Lume

Powered by the Reliable Miyota 8215 Automatic Movement

Technical Specifications: Miyota 8215 Movement

SAPPHIRE CRYSTAL WITH ANTI-REFLECTIVE COATING

HEITIS HAS BEEN FEATURED ON:

Additional Photos

Youtube Short of a Hydra Prototype in Action

Heitis Watch Company is proudly based in Buffalo, New York, where we’re dedicated to designing quality timepieces that offer unmatched value and bold, timeless style. After a successful debut on Kickstarter in 2016, Heitis was born from a passion for craftsmanship and a mission to deliver premium watches without the luxury markup. Since then, we’ve released multiple collections that have been embraced by watch lovers around the world.

Now, we’re thrilled to return to our roots with our third automatic watch:The Heitis Hydra -a rugged, refined, and feature-packed diver built for those who demand performance and presence on the wrist.

Over Two Years in the Making

TheHeitis Hydrais the result of over two years of obsessive design, prototyping, and refinement. Every detail of this watch has been thoughtfully crafted to deliver outstanding quality, performance, and aesthetic appeal.

Unlike many microbrands that rely on off-the-shelf parts, every component of the Hydra is fully custom-designed including the case, which is built to our exact specifications for a bold yet balanced wrist presence. From the precisely machined lines to the clean transitions between brushed and polished surfaces, this is craftsmanship you can see and feel.

The deep-pressed wave dial adds dramatic dimension and texture, giving the Hydra a dynamic look that plays with light in stunning ways. And when the sun goes down, the Swiss C3 Super-LumiNova® lights up not just on the hands and indices, but also on the fully lumed ceramic bezel insert, ensuring legibility and striking visuals even in total darkness.

Take a closer look at the macro photos below we think you’ll agree, the Hydra is a standout in every way.

Born from the Water — Inspired by Myth and Adventure

Buffalo, New York is our home and it’s no coincidence the Heitis Hydra draws its inspiration from the waters that surround it. Perched on the shores of Lake Erie, one of the five mighty Great Lakes and part of the largest freshwater system in the world, Buffalo is steeped in a deep connection to the outdoors, water sports, and nautical heritage. That spirit of adventure lives at the heart of every Heitis watch and it’s especially alive in the Hydra.

Named after the legendary sea monster from Greek mythology, the Hydra was the offspring of Typhon and Echidna a massive, serpent-like beast with multiple heads, one of which was immortal. Like its mythical namesake, the Heitis Hydra is built to survive anything with 300 meters of water resistance, a rugged dive-ready build, and bold styling that reflects the raw power of the deep.

The Hydra evokes the strength, mystery, and movement of water a tribute to myth, endurance, and the thrill of the unknown.

316L STAINLESS STEEL WATCH CASE

The Heitis Hydra is made of 316L Stainless Steel that is a molybdenum-alloyed steel. Its used by the worlds best watch manufacturers and it is resistant to both pitting and corrosion. We have used this material in the past for cases and have chosen this material again because of its high resistance and reliability. Its also a must in marine environments. Therefore corrosion will not be a problem with this watch. Go ahead, and take it in the water!

SWISS SUPERLUMINA C3 Green Lume

Swiss made Superluminou

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
FOUNDERS EDITION BLACK VERSION $299 One (1) Individually Numbered Heitis Hydra (Future Retail $499)


Be one of the first to own an Heitis Hydra. You will receive an exclusive, individually numbered, timepiece.  Available only to the first 200 Early Bird backers.

Save $200.00 off of retail.

You'll choose the watch color later via survey or feel free to send along a note stating what you would like when pledging.

Price is without local taxes such as VAT/DUTY. You will be charged for these by local customs. For United States residents shipping is included. Backers 21 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Oct 2026 Limited quantity 29 left of 50 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 299
---
FOUNDERS EDITION BLUE VERSION $299 One (1) Individually Numbered Heitis Hydra (Future Retail $499)


Be one of the first to own an Heitis Hydra. You will receive an exclusive, individually numbered, timepiece.  Available only to the first 200 Early Bird backers.

Save $200.00 off of retail.

You'll choose the watch color later via survey or feel free to send along a note stating what you would like when pledging.

Price is without local taxes such as VAT/DUTY. You will be charged for these by local customs. For United States residents shipping is included. Backers 17 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Oct 2026 Limited quantity 33 left of 50 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 299
---
TWICE AS NICE $598 Choose any 2 Heitis Hydra watches and save even more. Maybe you just want two watches in different colorways or maybe you'll split them with one of your #watchfam friends to save a few bucks...either way this is a sweet deal!

You'll choose the watch color or colors later via survey or feel free to send along a note stating what you would like when pledging.

Save $400 off of retail.

Price is without local taxes such as VAT/DUTY. You will be charged for these by local customs. For United States residents shipping is included. Backers 7 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Oct 2026 Limited quantity 43 left of 50 1 item included Details Pledge US$ 598
===== END =====

