===== PROJECT: pen-metheus-rewriting-the-outdoors =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
This isn’t our first Kickstarter — and that’s thanks to people like you.

Over the years, you’ve helped us bring products like firebiner™, handled™, sparky & scratch key™, scout feather™, and flicker feather™ to life.

Now we’re back with pen-metheus™.

Like any physical product launch, there can be challenges along the way.

Manufacturing delays.
Shipping hiccups.
Supply chain surprises.
Life happening.

But if there’s one thing we’ve learned through previous Kickstarter campaigns, it’s the importance of communication.

If something changes, we’ll let you know.
If there’s a delay, we’ll be transparent about it.

We take your support seriously and work hard to deliver products we’re proud of.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
We've hidden fire inside a pen!

We've hidden fire inside a pen!

Meet pen-metheus™

Rewards for Backing pen-metheus

Prometheus Gave Us Fire - We Give You pen-metheus

Built for Everyday Carry

Hidden Fire-Starting System

Designed to Work Everytime

Waterproof by Design

Those O-rings glow!

The Cap Pulls Double ... or more like Triple Duty

A Really Good Pen

Built for the Outdoors

Confidence You Can Carry

Shipping Timeline

Why Kickstarter?

Thanks for Being Here

Environmental commitments

Meetpen-metheus™

An adventure-ready pen with a hidden fire-starting system built right inside.

It's designed to write when inspiration strikes, spark a fire when the unexpected happens, and earn a permanent spot in your pocket, pack, or glovebox.

At first glance,pen-metheuslooks like a clean, rugged everyday carry pen.

But inside is a replaceable ferro rod, and nestled in the cap is fire tinder, all designed to help you start a fire almost anywhere.

Write your notes.Sketch your route.Journal at camp.Then spark a fire for dinner.

Rewards for Backing pen-metheus

Choose a reward of one, two, or a six-pack of pens at up to30% off MSRP. Want a few more? Add on additional pens and other items as you please.

You select the color of pens through a survey you will receive when the campaign ends in July.

In addition to the pens, we've curated theultimate Adventure Writing Kitin collaboration with the amazing folks atPNWBushcraftandRite in the Rain.

Each pouch is custom-sewn to perfectly fit pen-metheus, the all-weather Rite in the Rain notepad, and a tin of fiber light all-natural fire tinder.

PNWBushcraft handcrafts each waxed canvas pouch, which also doubles as a tray.

The Adventure Writing Kit folds up nice and tidy, keeping you organized and ready for any adventure.

and a fun little bonus ... the pocket for the notepad happens to fit a phone!

Prometheus Gave Us Fire - We Give Youpen-metheus

The name "pen-metheus"was inspired by Prometheus, the figure from Greek mythology associated with bringing fire to humanity.

That idea felt fitting for a pen built around fire-starting and preparedness.

(Prometheus wasn't available for photos, so we did the next best thing and had a little fun with AI creating this image.)

Fire has always played a central role in Outdoor Element products. Maybe because the love of fire is just part of who I am. After all, my Native American name isBodaway, which means "Fire Maker". Coincidence? ... maybe.

But more importantly, fire is an essential element of the outdoors, not just for survival but for warmth, cooking, signaling, comfort, and connection.

pen-metheus™continues that philosophy in a simple, practical way:a pen you already carry every day, now with another reliable way to make fire.

Not as a gimmick, but as another reliable tool to bring fire to life.

At Outdoor Element, we spend a lot of time outdoors.

Camping with our kids.Hiking.Traveling.Sitting around campfires.Working from wherever we find ourselves.

Over the years, we’ve learned that confidence outdoors starts with preparation.

Not carrying more stuff.Just carrying the right stuff - and knowing how to use it.

pen-metheus™ was designed around that idea.

A pen you already carry every day, now with added survival capability built in.

Something that writes really well…while also being ready for adventure.

Because our goal has always been simple:

Spark confident outdoor adventure through innovative gear.

Built for Everyday Carry

pen-metheus™is designed to disappear into your pocket until you need it.

Crafted from hard-anodized aircraft-grade AL6061-T6 aluminum,pen-metheusis made to withstand years of use, pocket carry, weather, and wear.

Durable. Comfortable in hand. Designed to go wherever you do.

Weighs in at only 1.6 oz.

It's built to last.

Hidden Fire-Starting System

Inside the body of the pen is a meaty, replaceable hex ferro rod with standard 1/4"-20 threads.

(If you're familiar with our other products, this is the same size ferro rod integrated into the sheath of ourscout feather,flicker featherandslicer featherknives.)

To throw sparks:

unscrew cap from pen

screw cap into the back of pen

unsc

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Featured Adventure Pair Early Bird $35 30% off (MSRP $51.90) ⭐ One to carry. One to share. 

Choose color when the campaign ends. Backers 172 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 3 left of 175 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 35
---
Single Explorer Early Bird $18 Receive a pen-metheus fire pen offered at more than 30% off (MSRP $25.95).

Choose color when the campaign ends. Backers 131 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 4 left of 135 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 18
---
Single Explorer $20 Receive a pen-metheus fire pen offered at more than 20% off (MSRP $25.95).

Choose color when the campaign ends. Backers 14 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 20
---
Adventure Pair $40 20% off (MSRP $51.90) ⭐ One to carry. One to share. 

Choose color when the campaign ends. Backers 17 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 40
---
Adventure Writing Kit Early Bird $65 Adventure Writing Kit priced over 30% off (MSRP $92)! This collaboration with PNWBushcraft and Rite in the Rain makes for the ultimate writing kit. 

Choose pen color when campaign ends. Backers 139 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 1 left of 140 4 items included + optional add-ons +1 More Details Pledge US$ 65
---
Adventure Writing Kit $70 Adventure Writing Kit priced over 20% off (MSRP $92)! This collaboration with PNWBushcraft and Rite in the Rain makes for the ultimate writing kit. 

Choose pen color when campaign ends. Backers 11 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 4 items included + optional add-ons +1 More Details Pledge US$ 70
---
Camp Crew Early Bird $107 Camp Crew is a 6-pen set of pen-metheus fire pens, offered at more than 30% off (MSRP $156). Enough to stash one in the truck, one at your desk and another in your pack -- and then share with a few of your favorite adventurers. 

Choose the pen color when the campaign ends. Backers 20 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 80 left of 100 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 107
---
Camp Crew $120 Camp Crew is a 6-pen set of pen-metheus fire pens, offered at more than 20% off (MSRP $156). Enough to stash one in the truck, one at your desk and another in your pack -- and then share with a few of your favorite adventurers. 

Choose the pen color when the campaign ends. Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 120
===== END =====

