===== PROJECT: pilldrop-a-frictionless-system-for-your-daily-stack =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
This is our 24th product design project. The product consists of aluminium-alloy tubes, Ecozen cases, and silicone lids. Throughout our past projects, we’ve managed to accumulate extensive experience working with the materials mentioned above and more. 

Multiple prototypes have been tested to ensure that all functions and features meet the standard that the designer envisioned. However, Mass production for the first time may encounter unforeseen obstacles and challenges. However, with our experience in project management, we are confident in our ability to address any potential issues. If there are any changes to the production schedule, we will promptly update backers with the latest information.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Get your routine on track by building your supplement taking flow effortlessly. One daily drop, minimal contact, and zero fuss.

Get your routine on track by building your supplement taking flow effortlessly. One daily drop, minimal contact, and zero fuss.

System Over Goals

Get Everyday Nutrition, Freshly Dropped

Design Details for Seamless Consistency

Ready for Your Versatile Lifestyle

Design Details & Journey

PillDrop is a system builder engineered to optimize your daily compound protocol, one drop a day. By minimizing behavioral friction, it eliminates the need to rely on willpower alone. Don’t just chase goals—design the perfect environment to automate your consistency.

With a simple routine to follow, adding up with the design details, PillDrop proves that habit building can be easy and effective at the same time.

System Over Goals

The pod drops automatically with each dispense, creating a satisfying, clacky sound that you won't be able to resist. After taking the shot, the pod lands softly upon the cushioning air in the tube. This positive feedback is crucial to cultivating a consistent protocol for taking your daily supplements.

By positioning PillDrop on your kitchen wall, desk, or carrying a single pod with you, PillDrop helps build the daily supply flow that suits your lifestyle—whether at home base, the office, or on the go.

Clear visual indicators are marked on each pod, making it easy to track your wellness progress for ultimate consistency.

Once a week, a bright colored cap appears as a replenishment cue to keep your healthy habit in the loop without breaking the chain.

The sleek, minimalist form factor of PillDrop integrates smoothly with any space, transforming your daily dose into a seamless part of your routine.

Staying consistent is the key to supplementation. By eliminating the hassle of repeatedly opening bottles, PillDrop offers a highly efficient system that keeps your daily stack fresh.

Get Everyday Nutrition, Freshly Dropped

Stop exposing your pills to air and moisture every time you open a generic bottle! By keeping your stack fresh and dry with the silicone gasket in each pod, PillDrop prevents premature degradation and keeps valuable active ingredients performing at their peak.

The tube and the dark-shaded pod provide dual protection from UV light that speeds up the oxidation and degradation process, keeping your active compounds at peak potency.

By dispensing your dose in one shot with no pouring back, the risk of cross-contamination drastically drops, and most importantly, you’ll get your exact stack perfectly delivered every day with a single swift motion.

Made with FDA-compliant Ecozen material, it is certified BPA-free and meets strict food safety standards.

Design Details for Seamless Consistency

No need to open the cap to check—the clear Ecozen material helps you identify the contents at a single glance.

The opening of the pod is designed for single-handed operation, keeping your other hand free to hold a glass of water or whatever you need to execute your routine.

The cap pops open with a wide-angle clearance, making it a breeze whether you are taking or refilling your pills.

A single pod of PillDrop holds up to 10 pieces of 24 oblong softgels, meaning it comfortably holds large capsules such as fish oil, vitamin B or Calcium tablets that fuel you on daily basics.

The size of the pod is designed for utmost portability, so that you’ll never forget to carry it around to all places whether it’s in the gym, outdoors, or along with your meal-prep gears.

The internal chamber features rounded corners, allowing for easy cleanup and maintenance that leaves minimal residue from your last fill.

When tossing the pod back to the tube, it slides down softly on the cushiony air due to the piston effect, providing a shock absorbing mechanism for longer use.

Traveling will no longer be the excuse to stray away from keeping the habit. Lock Cap secures all 7 pods of PillDrop in the tube for top mobility that sits perfectly in your suitcase.

When setting the environment that suits your lifestyle the best, Station Hanger allows you to build a hub around with min

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
PillDrop *1 [Super Early Bird] $59 ∎ Get 25% off the retailed price

※ Shipping fee is charged afterwards.
※ Color will be chosen in post-campaign survey. Backers 148 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Apr 2027 Limited quantity 7 left of 155 1 item included + optional add-ons PillDrop Details Pledge US$ 59
---
PillDrop *1 [Kickstarter Price] $69 ∎ Get 13% off the retailed price 

※ Shipping fee is charged afterwards. 
※ Color will be chosen in post-campaign survey. Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Apr 2027 1 item included + optional add-ons PillDrop Details Pledge US$ 69
---
PillDrop *2 [Super Early Bird] $99 ∎ Get 37% off the retailed price

※ Shipping fee is charged afterwards.
※ Color will be chosen in post-campaign survey. Backers 193 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Apr 2027 Limited quantity 7 left of 200 1 item included + optional add-ons 2× PillDrop Details Pledge US$ 99
===== END =====

