===== PROJECT: sector-12-custom-watch =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
Potential risks would be supply shortage for parts and movements. In the unlikly event that NH35A movements become unavailable I will have to build with another movement.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Watches featuring hand made brass dials from Vargo Watch Company.

Watches featuring hand made brass dials from Vargo Watch Company.

How I Make The Watches

Environmental commitments

When you back this project, you're investing in a watch that has already been engineered for production. As an experienced machinist with years of manufacturing experience, I understand the challenges of bringing a product from concept to reality. Multiple fully functional prototypes have already been completed, tested, and refined, and the supply chain for every major component has been secured before launching this campaign. Every manufacturing step has been carefully planned to minimize risk and ensure a smooth production process. If this campaign is successfully funded, I am fully committed to delivering every watch to every backer with the quality, craftsmanship, and attention to detail that Vargo Watch Company is built on.

I have received a lot of interest in my Sector 12 watch dial design and would love to kick start production on an affordable watch featuring this dial. I need money for parts, movements, and tools. I will need a timegrapher and pressure tester for quality control.  If I can presell 24 watches, I can raise enough money to get started.

How I Make The Watches

I make each dial in Melbourne, FL USA. I use a fiber / galvo laser to etch the design and cut out the dial. Then, I finish the dial by hand, before assembling the watch and performing quality control. The case, strap, buckle, and hands are sourced from China and are of high quality. The automatic movement is a genuine Seiko NH35A, a proven workhorse for affordable watches. All assembly and quality control are performed at my shop in the USA.

I will retail this watch at $350 when it is released on my Shopify site, so if you help me kickstart production you’ll get it for a $100 discount. Choose either a black case, dark steel case, or the blackout edition (all black with black dial and gold hands). I have the dial cutting process dialed in (pun intended) so now it’s just a matter of gathering materials, cutting dials, assembly and quality control.

SCTR12-1.0-BRS-BLK-BW-35A

Hand brushed brass dial, black case, black leather strap with white stitching.

SCTR12-1.0-BRS-DSS-BW-35A

Hand brushed brass dial, dark stainless-steel case, black leather strap with white stitching.

SCTR12-1.0-PBL-BLK-BL-35A (Blackout Edition)

Painted black dial, black case, all black leather strap, gold “snake” hands

Manufacturer: Vargo Watch Company

Dial: Hand made, hand brushed, solid brass dial. (Blackout Edition is painted)

Movement: Genuine Seiko (TMI) NH35A

Strap: Black soft leather with white stitching

Case Diameter: 40mm

Dial Diameter: 34.4mm

Case Thickness: 12.3mm

Lug Width: 20mm

Lug to Lug: 46.5mm

Water resistance: 100M

Case material: Solid 316L stainless steel (black PVD coating on the black model)

Case Features: Sapphire crystal, screw down crown, stainless steel screw down case back

These add-ons are for selecting different dial designs, they are $1 because the site would not let me charge $0.

OCD Dial Option

ZERO Dial Option

DOT Dial Option

I have used Adobe Firefly AI to generate the top three images, using photos of the actual prototypes for reference. The black cased watch resting on a silver circle, and the dark steel cased watch resting on a silver circle are enhanced with AI to show what the watch will look like with a black strap with white stitching, and to show the watch in a dark silver case. I used Adobe Firefly AI to make a photo of the Blackout Edition more legible because my prototype photo has a lot of glare. All other images are simply developed in Adobe Lightroom. All photos and video of the actual prototype are watermarked with “actual prototype”.

Risks and challenges

Potential risks would be supply shortage for parts and movements. In the unlikly event that NH35A movements become unavailable I will have to build with another movement.

I have used Adobe Firefly AI to generate two images, using a photo of the actual prototype for reference. The black cased watch resting on a silver circle, and the dark steel cased watch resting on a silver circle are enhanced with AI to show what the watch will look like with a black strap with white stitching, and to show the watch in a dark silver case. All other images are simply developed in Adobe Lightroom. All photos and video of the actual prototype are watermarked with “actual prototype”.

Environmental commitments

Long-lasting design

This will be a quality durable watch.

Make a pledge without a reward

Back it because you believe in it.

Support the project for no reward, just because it speaks to you

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Black Sector 12 watch for $100 discount. $250 Help me kickstart this watch and save $100 off retail. Backers 3 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 250
---
Steel Sector 12 watch for $100 discount. $250 Help me kickstart this watch and save $100 off retail. Backers 5 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 250
---
Sector 12 Blackout Edition $100 discount $250 Help me kickstart this watch and save $100 off retail. Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 1 item included + optional add-ons Details Pledge US$ 250
===== END =====

