===== PROJECT: studio-pen =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
This is our first campaign for a personal project. However, we have experience developing and manufacturing hardware products, and we have collaborated with startups on successful crowdfunding campaigns as engineering partner.

The main challenges are related to production scaling, quality consistency, and delivery timelines. To mitigate these risks, we are working with trusted manufacturing partners, we have validated the production process in advance, and kept the design intentionally simple.

We will communicate transparently throughout the process and keep backers updated at every stage.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
A titanium pen body designed for standard BIC Cristal refills. Reusable and built to last.

A titanium pen body designed for standard BIC Cristal refills. Reusable and built to last.

Environmental commitments

We designed Studio Pen toreplace the most used toolin our engineering studio: the BIC Cristal Pen

We wanted a pen body that could last as long as the BIC Cristal has been around. So we choseGrade 5 titanium.

Corrosion resistant, reusable and long lasting.

Studio pen is a solid titanium body designed to house standard BIC Cristal refill.The form follows the classic hexagonal shape with adjustements for weight balance and manufacturability.Two viewing windows are cut into the body, allowing ink level to remain visible.

The body follows anhexagonal profile, preventing rolling and keeping the familiar ergonomics of common writing tools.

The surface issandblastedto create a subtle, tactile grip, while maintaining a raw, uncoated tintanium finish.Two cutouts along the body act as ink viewing windows, making theink level visible at a glance.

Compatible with all BIC Cristal refills. We reccomend the Re’New refills, which are individually sold toreduce plastic waste.Every Studio Pen will be shipped with ablack refill and black cap.

Design evolution

We began working on what will eventually become the Studio Pen in 2024.The first prototype was machined on a manual lathe from aluminium hex stock. However, the inability to quickly see the ink level became a recurring limitation.

From the first prototype, we continued iterating between 3D printing and lathe machining, testing grips, weight balance, refill compatibility, and different approaches to ink visibility.

Manufacturing: metal 3D printing + machining

Every Studio Pen starts life as 3D printed SLM titanium preform.

It is then machined on lathe to achieve final dimension and tolerances for perfect refill fit.

Anodized edition

A small batch of Studio Pens will be anodized by hand.Each piece may react differently to process, resulting in subtle variations in tone.The base geometry remains unchanged, the anodizing process modifies the surface oxide layer at a microscopic level, producing color through light interference.

No two are exactly the same

Dimensions:   145.0mm x 7.45mm (including refill)

Material:         Titanium grade 5

Weight:           17.5g (including refill)

Ink refills:        BIC Cristal, tested with: Re’New - Soft - Standard - Fine - Bold

A simple pen body, built to be used, refilled and kept.

Campaign launch:   30 June 2026

Campaign end:        30 July 2026

Funds from KS:        Mid of August 2026

Production:              September 2026

Shipping:                 End of September - October 2026

Shipping and duties

Shipping will be charged after the campaign.Taxes and duties may be applied depending on your country.

Officina Engineering is a hardware development studio based in Milano founded by Alfredo and Augusto Marinucci.We are brothers, engineers and product designers with backgrounds in consumer electronics, industrial automation and product development.Website:officina.engineering

Risks and challenges

This is our first campaign for a personal project. However, we have experience developing and manufacturing hardware products, and we have collaborated with startups on successful crowdfunding campaigns as engineering partner.

The main challenges are related to production scaling, quality consistency, and delivery timelines. To mitigate these risks, we are working with trusted manufacturing partners, we have validated the production process in advance, and kept the design intentionally simple.

We will communicate transparently throughout the process and keep backers updated at every stage.

Environmental commitments

Long-lasting design

The Studio Pen is made entirely from Grade 5 titanium: durable and corrosion-resistant.

Reusability and recyclability

The reusable titanium body is compatible with BIC Cristal Re'New refills that are individually available; avoiding disposable plastic bodies.

Make a pledge without a reward

Back it because you believe in it.

Support the project for no reward, just because it speaks to you.

Available rewards

1 x Studio Pen€43About $50Raw titanium finish, one black refill and 

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
1 x Studio Pen €43 About $50 Raw titanium finish, one black refill and black cap included. Backers 10 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Sep 2026 3 items included Details Pledge €43
---
1 x Studio Pen Anodized €60 About $69 Anodized titanium finish, one black refill and black cap included.
Handcrafted finish, each pen is unique. Backers 6 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Sep 2026 3 items included Details Pledge €60
---
2 x Studio Pen €82 About $94 Raw titanium finish, two black refills and black caps included. Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Sep 2026 3 items included Details Pledge €82
===== END =====

