===== PROJECT: the-first-set-ashoka-pet-gear =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
With production and testing still yet to begin, the expected timelines for the delivery may vary by 25 to 30 days. While production is ready to begin if the campaign reaches its goal, the time required for testing and quality assessment may be a bit longer to make sure everything is up to mark before shipping to our supporters
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Finally go hands-free. Magnetic and modular, the Y-Leash promises to add a whole new level of comfort and freedom to every adventure.

Finally go hands-free. Magnetic and modular, the Y-Leash promises to add a whole new level of comfort and freedom to every adventure.

Environmental commitments

THREEyears in the making, this story started during a road trip with my dog in 2023. After countless hours of exploring and countless hours of holding the leash, it was one cold winter night while freezing my hands that the idea came to mind. A hands free dog leash!

In 2024, after several failed designs, the first prototype came in to existence. A modular dog leash that provides not just a hands free connection, but much more! Fast forward another few failures, and invaluable feedback from our beta testers, the final 3 versions of the design have been selected and finalized for mass production.

All leading to today, 24 June 2026. From the first prototype years ago, that was a sawed off leash glued to a glove, to something much more. Something that has evolved in to the most TACTICAL pet leash for the modern dog.

So WHAT exactly is the Y-Leash

They Y-Leash is a first of its kind modular and magnetic dog leash available in 3 and 5 meters. Using various methods and attachable components, the leash is perfect for those adventures with your furry friend, providing a whole new way to roam free with your dog, while maintaining the control you need. Our current modules allows you to connect parts as needed, revolutionizing comfort on every adventure with your friend. From hikes, trains, bike rides to simple evening walks, this one leash fits all!

Complete 6-Component System:Our Full set contains everything needed - 5M or 3M retractable leash component, attachable handle, detachable flashlight, attachable waste bag dispenser plus two magnetic band attachments with medium strength magnets (palm and wrist).

Modular Design Flexibility:Components can be mixed and matched - use the handle alone, combine flashlight with waste dispenser or customize based on your specific walking needs. Choose from different handles, magnets and accessories that suit your adventures requirement. In the future we hope to continue with more modules, from our two dog handle to our food and water attachments!

• Hands-Free Innovation:Revolutionary magnetic attachment design transforms the leash into a completely hands-free experience, allowing natural movement while walking your pet.Our 360° Rotationprovides a perfect solution for whether your dog walks in front of your or behind. To lock, simply push down the button. High quality construction and reinforced design provides a striking look while ensuring a strong connection.

• Intuitive Locking System:Four-groove finger design allows quick one-handed locking when you need immediate control during strong tugging situations. Simple push down mechanism to lock and unlock.

• Emergency Safety Features:Magnetic band can be adjusted loose enough to detach if your dog pulls you toward dangerous areas like canals or beaches, prioritizing owner safety.

Post campaign, a survey will be sent out for your choice of color for the set. While at the moment we are mainly focusing on Black, we hope to provide other options if enough people want them!

The survey will also include required information for shipping and an estimate will be provided for the expected cost. It is our promise to find the most cost effective way to send these to our supporters but the more orders we have from each country the lower the cost.

Finally, it is our promise to you is to keep improving every aspect of this leash till the last minute before production. If we reach our goal, every update will be provided to make sure you know what to expect and WHEN to expect it! In the perfect situation, we hope to be under your Christmas tree this year 2026!

Risks and challenges

With production and testing still yet to begin, the expected timelines for the delivery may vary by 25 to 30 days. While production is ready to begin if the campaign reaches its goal, the time required for testing and quality assessment may be a bit longer to make sure everything is up to mark before shipping to our supporters

Environmental commitments

Long-lasting design

The modular design of our product allows the user to replace any components that have broken (including the handle). Damage to a single component will not require you to buy a whole new leash, but simply a replacement part. All parts have been made with high qualit

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Y-Leash - 3 Meter Intro Pack €19 About $22 The first step in to the world of Ashoka Pet Gear with our 3 Meter Pet Leash. Includes  our quick connect handle and our unique wrist band with magnet to introduce you to your first hands free dog walking experience! Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 399 left of 399 4 items included +1 More Details Pledge €19
---
Y-Leash (3 Meter Full Set) €27 About $31 With our 3 Meter Pet leash, this full set comprises of everything you need to change those walks and adventures for ever. From full control with our palm band magnet along with a more relaxed wrist band magnet for those quick runs. Our custom rechargeable torch is great addition for those early winter nights. Interconnectable with the poop bag dispenser that connects to the main leash/lead. Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 7 items included +4 More Details Pledge €27
---
Y-Leash (The Mutt - 5 Meter Medium Dogs) €31 About $36 The mix of our two, the Y-Leash Mutt provides comfort using the same smaller magnets as the 3M. Our reinforced design allows for stronger connection than expected due to added fencing to keep the leash in place. Available as a full set, this package provides you everything you need to start the adventure! Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 499 left of 499 7 items included +4 More Details Pledge €31
---
Y-Leash - 5 Meter Intro Pack (Big Boy) €33 About $38 Just a taste of our original. The heavy duty 5 Meter pet leash with Q. connect handle, our custom high strength magnet with clip and palm band with magnet. Easy connect to your belt, bike or backpack and make those adventures hands free and stress free while knowing your furry friend is right next to you! Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 499 left of 499 5 items included +2 More Details Pledge €33
---
Y-Leash (Big Boy 5 Meter Full Set) €39 About $45 Designed and tested on bigger doggos (up to 25 Kilos) our 5 meter pet leash was the first component in the start of this journey. Constantly redesigned to reach its smallest size, this leash provides the strength and length to have full control of your pet while out on those adventures, runs or just daily walks. The custom high strength magnet is interchangeable with all other parts, providing a strong connection tested to withstand dogs of almost over 20 Kilos. Simply connect to your belt with the provided clip or interchange with the smaller magnets. Package includes everything you need to dive in to the world of Ashoka Pet Gear! Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 999 left of 999 8 items included +5 More Details Pledge €39
===== END =====

