===== PROJECT: the-syanto-v-ring-slim-carry-your-phone-in-ease =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
1. Regarding Shipping to the US: Unfortunately, due to the President of the United States' Executive Order, which has stopped the De Minimis Policy of allowing shipping items under $800 to enter without needing to pay for import taxes, shipping via Japan Post is temporarily stopped. This means that when we ship, we must ship with import costs paid. With that in mind, the shipping price that is indicated in the shipping chart is inclusive of these import costs. We understand that the cost of shipping is expensive, however, at present due to the current rules, this is the only way we can ship. We ask for your understanding in this matter.
2. In regards to shipping and production schedules, in the event of natural disasters or other unforeseen circumstances, shipping may be affected. In this case, we will inform backers via the update system. If we receive more backers than expected, this may have an impact on the production of the items, and the shipping date may need to be pushed back. 
3. The pictures on this project page which show the product may look different to the product that you receive. This may be due to the monitor that you are viewing the project on or the environment that you are in when looking at the project. Please be aware of this when you back the project.
4. The design and materials used are subject to change based on availability. If there is a change, we ensure to let backers know via an update. 
5. Regarding import fees, these are handled on the side of the backer. Please be aware of this before backing. 
6. As stated previously, Shipping costs are not included in the project and will be collected after the project ends via a pledge manager. The shipping costs stated are an estimate and will be finalised when the project ends.This is due to Kickstarter taking a higher percentage than the pledge manager, and we wish to keep costs as low as possible. 
7. When the project has finished, we will be looking to procure the materials needed as quickly as possible. As well as this, Kickstarter does not refund any commission if a refund is made. This means we can’t refund once the money has been transferred to our account. This gives backers roughly 10 days from when the project has ended to request a refund. After this, we can’t accept refunds. In the rare case that we do refund after this time, we will be doing so after calculating the Kickstarter commission and refunding the price of the return minus Kickstarter’s commission.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
Freeing you from every strain of gravity, the V-Ring means you don't need to grip your phone anymore!

Freeing you from every strain of gravity, the V-Ring means you don't need to grip your phone anymore!

■ Change How You Hold Your Phone!

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No. 1

Your phone feels lighter due to the vertical balance

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No.2

Helps you to be more conscious of your posture

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No. 3

Kind to your fingers

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No. 4

A Bottom Supporting Point is Convenient

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No. 5

Keeps the Back of Your Phone Free, Letting You Mix and Match with Other Accessories

SYANTO is ultra-thin at just 0.5 mm (0.02 in), yet highly durable.

Become hands-free in a flash

Can be Used with a Vast Range of Cases & Easy to Remove

The way you hold your phone will change.

■SYANTO is a tool that changes how you hold your phone.

Environmental commitments

■ Change How You Hold Your Phone!

A Patented Bottom Balance Structure

■ Your phone isn’t that heavy; however, your hands and neck tire when using it.The problem is how you hold your phone.

Do your hands get tired after long use?

Does your pinky start to hurt?

Does your neck tilt forward?

Conventional: Support on the back → Horizontal Balance → Unstable

SYANTO: Support at the bottom→ Vertical Balance → Stable

By changing how you hold the phone, your body also changes.

Screen Time equals Posture Time.

*Note 1: The Slim type uses double-sided adhesive rather than suction.

Phones are convenient but put a burden on the body■Try Changing from a Rear Supporting method

Conventional phone rings are made to support you carrying and holding them from the back.

But that leads to problems with the balance being disrupted, and you have to grip extra hard.

Use the SYANTO to support your phone from the bottom. It is designed so that the centre of gravity falls directly below your hand.

*1 Patent No. 6467677■The weight is the same, but how the burden falls on the hand is different.

Taking a small in-house poll, we found that:✔ 94% felt the phone was lighter.✔ 84% encouraged upright posture✔ The burden on the finger was reduced.

◆　The Benefits Only Made Possible Because of SYANTO: No. 1

Your phone feels lighter d

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Early Bird SYANTO V-Ring ¥6,756 About $42 Get yourself the SYANTO V-RING!
Designed to improve comfort through SYANTO’s patented Bottom-Balance structure.
MagSafe compatibility may vary depending on the phone case.
Phone and case are not included.
This early bird is 15% off the future RRP! Backers 6 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 1 item included Details Pledge ¥6,756
---
SYANTO V-Ring ¥7,948 About $50 Get yourself the SYANTO V-RING!
Designed to improve comfort through SYANTO’s patented Bottom-Balance structure.
MagSafe compatibility may vary depending on the phone case.
Phone and case are not included. Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 1 item included Details Pledge ¥7,948
---
SYANTO V-Ring x2 ¥12,717 About $79 Get yourself two of our SYANTO V-RING! 
Designed to improve comfort through SYANTO’s patented Bottom-Balance structure.
MagSafe compatibility may vary depending on the phone case.
Phone and case are not included.
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 Limited quantity 4998 left of 5000 1 item included Details Pledge ¥12,717
---
SYANTO V-Ring x4 ¥22,254 About $138 Get yourself four of our SYANTO V-RING!
Designed to improve comfort through SYANTO’s patented Bottom-Balance structure.
MagSafe compatibility may vary depending on the phone case.
Phone and case are not included.
This reward is 30% off the future RRP
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 1 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 Limited quantity 999 left of 1000 1 item included Details Pledge ¥22,254
---
SYANTO V-Ring X8 ¥38,150 About $236 Get yourself eight of our SYANTO V-RING! 
This reward is 40% off the future RRP
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 0 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 Limited quantity 1000 left of 1000 1 item included Details Pledge ¥38,150
---
Featured Launch Special SYANTO V-Ring×2 ¥9,538 About $59 Get yourself two of ourSYANTO V-RING! 
Designed to improve comfort through SYANTO’s patented Bottom-Balance structure.
MagSafe compatibility may vary depending on the phone case.
Phone and case are not included.
This launch special is 40% off the future RRP and is only available for 72 hours!
Shipping is collected via pledgemanager after the project has finished. Please check the shipping section found near the bottom of the project page Backers 13 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Dec 2026 1 item included Details Pledge ¥9,538
===== END =====

