===== PROJECT: the-boondoo-action-camera-mount =====
NAME: Stripe Internal Communication Channel
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
Unexpected delays in production, especially during quality control, could extend our delivery timelines. Once production is complete, shipping logistics may face delays due to international customs and courier challenges.

We are dedicated to bring this project to life and will try and mitigate risks timeously to ensure we deliver on time.

We will be in communicate any issues with our backers as soon as possible and what actions we are taking to minimize the impact on delivery.
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
An ingenuitive camera mount with unique functionality - allows rapid angle changing with just one hand, while you're on the move!

An ingenuitive camera mount with unique functionality - allows rapid angle changing with just one hand, while you're on the move!

INTRODUCING BOONDOO

BOONDOO'S EVOLUTION

WHY THE BOONDOO

ROCKSTEADY 360 DEGREE PAN FUNCTION

RATTLEPROOF 180 DEGREE TILT FUNCTION

WHAT'S IN THE BOX?

Environmental commitments

INTRODUCING BOONDOO

56 ANGLES OF AWESOME

Things change. Angles change. And so has Boondoo. Rebuilt, refined, and better than ever—evolution by design. With its smart snap-lock system, you’ll always get the shot without slowing down. With 8 pan angles and 7 tilt angles, you can swiftly move between 56 positions with a quick, satisfying Click-Click. This edition is exclusively available on Kickstarter.

CHANGE THE ANGLE ON THE FLY

The new Boondoo takes it even further—the only action camera mount that lets you change angles at speed, on the move, with just one hand. Never slow down.

SMART FUNCTION. BEAUTIFUL DESIGN.

Through rigorous testing and continuous refinement, we’ve perfected the new Boondoo. Re-engineered and precision-tooled, its unique internal gearing system delivers refined tolerances and seamless performance. Its minimalist, sleek design complements its premium quality. A worthy addition to any creator kit.

WHAT’S NEW IN THIS KICKSTARTER EDITION

Re engineered 180° Tilt GearingThe tilt mechanism has been completely redesigned to eliminate accidental gear slippage. Each position now locks firmly into place, giving you the confidence to stay on the shot.

Serviceable Internal Design (Removable End Caps + Tool)Removable end caps on the head, paired with a custom tool, provide direct access to the internal mechanism, making cleaning and maintenance simple.

Integrated Tilt Location MarkersClear markers on the top of the head show your selected angle at a glance. No guesswork, just fast, precise adjustments.

Included Allen Key for Secure MountingNow included in the kit, allowing your camera to be properly tightened to the mount, ensuring improved stability and reliability.

Upgraded Materials: Stainless Steel HardwareThe nylon and aluminium body is now paired with stainless steel springs and screws, preventing rust and enhancing long term durability in all conditions.

Xylan Coated Aluminium ComponentsAluminium parts are finished with a Xylan coating to reduce friction and wear, resulting in smoother operation and increased longevity.

Kickstarter Exclusive Custom Carry CaseA custom designed carry case with precision foam cut outs securely holds the mount, keeping it protected, organised, and ready to go.

BOONDOO'S EVOLUTION

We strive for perfection. The new Boondoo is the result of continuous development, testing, and refinement. Every detail has been reconsidered and improved to create a more precise, reliable mount.

FIGURE 1: Previous Tilt Gearing SystemThe original Boondoo used an angular tooth system for the tilt function. Under heavy impact, the force of the camera could cause the teeth to slip, as their shape and depth did not allow for a fully secure lock.

FIGURE 2: Re engineered Tilt SystemThe new Boondoo features a completely redesigned tilt mechanism. The updated tooth profile allows the gears to slide into a secure, locked position that resists slipping. By pressing the side button, the gears disengage, allowing quick adjustment, then lock firmly back into place when released. Additional updates include removable end caps, integrated location markers, and included Allen keys.

FIGURE 3: Refined Spline GeometryThe new gearing system has been developed with a tapered conical fit and straight edge interface. This allows components to align and engage more smoothly, while improving contact between parts. Increased tooth count enhances stability, reduces play, and helps minimise camera shake.

FIGURE 4: Custom End Cap ToolA purpose built tool, made from hardened steel, allows easy removal of the end caps. This gives access to the internal mechanism for cleaning and maintenance.

FIGURE 5: Tilt Location MarkersClear markers on the head indicate the 7 set positions across the 180 degree tilt range, allowing for quick and precise angle selection.

WHY THE BOONDOO

Boondoo was created by filmmaker Herman le Roux to capture action exactly as it’s experienced. Frustrated by

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
1 x Boondoo $99 Get the Boondoo pack for just $99.

This includes the Boondoo mount, end cap tool, two Allen keys and a lens cleaning cloth. Packed in a custom carry case.

Estimated Shipping: November 2026.

Shipping will be charged via our pledge manager after the campaign. Backers 4 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 396 left of 400 1 item included Boondoo mount in carry case Details Pledge US$ 99
---
2 x Boondoo $178 Get two Boondoo packs for just $178.

This includes the Boondoo mount, end cap tool, two Allen keys and a lens cleaning cloth. Packed in a custom carry case.

Estimated Shipping: November 2026.

Shipping will be charged via our pledge manager after the campaign. Backers 2 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 3 left of 5 1 item included 2× Boondoo mount in carry case Details Pledge US$ 178
---
Featured Early Bird - 1 x Boondoo $79 Don't miss this time-limited offer! Offer ends 13 June 2026.

Get the Boondoo pack for just $79.

This includes the Boondoo mount, end cap tool, two Allen keys and a lens cleaning cloth. Packed in a custom carry case.

Estimated Shipping: November 2026.

Shipping will be charged via our pledge manager after the campaign. Backers 6 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 34 left of 40 1 item included Boondoo mount in carry case Details Pledge US$ 79
---
Early Bird - 2 x Boondoo $139 Don't miss this time-limited offer! Offer ends 13 June 2026.

Get two Boondoo packs for just $139.

This includes the Boondoo mount, end cap tool, two Allen keys and a lens cleaning cloth. Packed in a custom carry case.

Estimated Shipping: November 2026.

Shipping will be charged via our pledge manager after the campaign. Backers 3 Ships to Anywhere in the world Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 2 left of 5 1 item included 2× Boondoo mount in carry case Details Pledge US$ 139
===== END =====

