===== PROJECT: the-duo-3d-music-visualizer-and-kinetic-sculpture-in-one =====
NAME: Twitter Widget Iframe
PLATFORM: kickstarter

--- NARRATIVE (story / about / risks) ---
Story

[RISKS & CHALLENGES]
Risks and challenges
Risks and challenges include getting all of the materials from suppliers, producing the displays and shipping on time. This will be our fifth Kickstarter so we're familiar with procuring materials and the production process (which we do in house). The only possible issue would be delivery delays if it is very popular, but we would still begin shipping on time. It would just take longer to complete all of the pledges. This would be a great problem to have, and we could hire some more help!
Learn about accountability on Kickstarter

[FROM html_story]
NASA technology meets organic art. Watch music come alive in stunning 3D.

NASA technology meets organic art. Watch music come alive in stunning 3D.

What's in the box?

Project Timeline

TheDUOcombines a 3D music visualizer and kinetic art display in one. Using NASA-inspired ferrofluid and precision electronics, it turns sound into breathtaking 3D art.

What if your music could come alive in 3D?

In early 2021 I first started working on a new idea, a sound reactive ferrofluid device. Kind of like a lava lamp mixed with Venom. After countless prototypes and years of work, theDUOis finally complete.

Why is it called theDUO? Because there are 2 separate ferrofluid displays that you can use with the electromagnetic base. So it's actually2 products in one.

Easily swap the displays.

Each display contains 7ml of the highest quality lab synthesized ferrofluid. So what is ferrofluid exactly?

The problem with ferrofluid though, is that it easily stains glass and breaks down in the presence of almost any other liquid. We've been working with ferrofluid for the last 11 years and have developed proprietary techniques that keep the ferrofluid from staining the glass or breaking down. You can expect years of quality from your DUO!

Place the ferrofluid display on top of the base and press the power button to enter mode 1:Music Visualizer. It will listen to your music, figure out the rhythm and beat, and dance along.

Try different types of music and watch the different patterns that emerge.

Experience your music in an entirely new way! It's like watching a real-time music video emerge of your favorite songs.

The first truly3Dmusic visualizer. All current methods of visualization only work in2D.

The super sensitive microphone will pick up and react to any sound, including music, voice, movies, games, etc. It automatically adjusts to the average sound level so in a quiet room or office it will even react to your keyboard typing.

Of course a music studio is one of its favorite places.

It's perfect for home movie theaters, the coolest background ambiance while watching movies.

The ultimate gaming companion. Your desktop aura will be unmatched.

It will react to any sound from the games.

Or just listen to some chill music while vibe coding.

When you're ready for a relaxing change, just swap the top displays and push the button to enter mode 2:Kinetic Sculpture.

This mode will slowly energize the large screw and cause the ferrofluid to spike, spin and rise up to the top. A mesmerizing fluid sculpture.

The Kinetic Art display is available in Black, Blue or Gold ferrofluid.

Physics doesn't get any better than this!

There is an LED included that attaches to the top and really makes the colors pop, especially in darker rooms.

Relax your mind as you watch the hypnotic motion of the spikes, and their endless spinning up and down.

You can also interact with it using the included super-strong N52 magnet.

A museum quality display that makes a great centerpiece in your home or office.

A perfect addition to your home library.

The perfect desk companion to calm your mind as you work.

In a digital world, The DUO brings something tactile, magical, and physical back to your space. It's art that you can interact with.

Although the localized magnetic field directly on the top face of the electromagnet is strong, it dissipates very quickly. This means there is no risk of damage to any hard drives, computers, phones, etc.

The DUO is designed to look elegant and high end in any environment, home or office. It combines a beautiful black matte finish body with a carbon fiber look front face, a tactile push button control, and high quality glass displays. A high-end look that would complement any audiophile's collection.

The heart of the DUO is a giant electromagnet, rated at 70kg:

This is controlled by the main microcontroller board and paired with a very sensitive front microphone.

5 years of prototyping

In 2021 I was working on a custom project with a large electromagnet when I decided to plug it into a simple microphone. While crude, it made the ferrofluid jump to the music and I could see the potential for something great.

I finished the custom project and decided to jump back into the music idea. After many hours spent on the beat detection algorithm, the new prototype came together nicely.

I then realized that with a lit

--- REWARDS / TIERS (raw text) ---
Featured 💰SUPER Early Bird DUO Both Displays $309 ⏰ Super Early Bird Launch Special $160 off msrp!


Get both tops, Music and Kinetic Art, and the Electromagnetic Base.  
 

 💰Best Value💰 Backers 41 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 59 left of 100 6 items included +3 More Details Pledge US$ 309
---
💰SUPER Early Bird   DUO 3D Visualizer $229 ⏰ Super Early Bird Launch Special

Experience your music like never before! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid visualizer display top Backers 6 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 94 left of 100 4 items included +1 More Details Pledge US$ 229
---
*Early Bird* DUO 3D Music Visualizer $239 💰 Early Bird Special $76 discount 💰

Experience your music like never before! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid visualizer display top Backers 0 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 100 left of 100 4 items included +1 More Details Pledge US$ 239
---
💰SUPER Early Bird   DUO Kinetic Art $244 ⏰ Super Early Bird Launch Special 

A museum quality ferrofluid kinetic art display for your home or office! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid kinetic art display top. Your choice of color! Backers 0 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 100 left of 100 5 items included +2 More Details Pledge US$ 244
---
DUO 3D Music Visualizer $249 ⏰ Kickstarter Special $66 discount 

Experience your music like never before! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid music visualizer top Backers 0 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 4 items included +1 More Details Pledge US$ 249
---
*Early Bird* DUO Kinetic Art Display $254 💰 Early Bird Special $96 discount 💰

A museum quality ferrofluid kinetic art display for your home or office! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid kinetic art display top. Your choice of color! Backers 0 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 Limited quantity 100 left of 100 5 items included +2 More Details Pledge US$ 254
---
DUO Kinetic Art Display $264 💰 Kickstarter Special $86 discount


A museum quality ferrofluid kinetic art display for your home or office! Includes electromagnetic base and ferrofluid kinetic art display top. Backers 1 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Aug 2026 5 items included +2 More Details Pledge US$ 264
---
*Early Bird* DUO Both Displays $329 ⏰ Early Bird Special $141 off


This includes the electromagnetic base, Music Visualizer top & Kinetic Art display top.  

💰Best Value💰 Backers 2 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 6 items included +3 More Details Pledge US$ 329
---
DUO Both Displays $349 💰Kickstarter Special $121 discount💰

This includes the electromagnetic base, Music Visualizer top & Kinetic Art display top. *BEST VALUE* Backers 0 Ships to Only United States Estimated delivery Nov 2026 6 items included +3 More Details Pledge US$ 349
===== END =====

